Algorithm/readme.md, before:

# Algorithm

| topic     | #    | task                                         | description                                                                 | runtime  | memory  | Status | link                                                                                   |
| :-------- | :--- | :------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------- | :------ | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Algorithm | 3042 |[Count Prefix and Suffix Pairs I](count_prefix_suffix_pairs.py) | You are given a 0-indexed string array words. Let's define a boolean function isPrefixAndSuffix that takes two strings, str1 and str2: | 7ms O(N^2) | 12.29MB | done  | [Count Prefix and Suffix Pairs I](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i/) |
| Algorithm | 2185 |[Counting Words With a Given Prefix](counting_words_with_given_prefix.py) | You are given an array of strings words and a string pref.                  | 0ms O(N) | 12.5MB O(1) | done  | [Counting Words With a Given Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix/) |
| Algorithm | 1408 |[String Matching in an Array](string_matching_array.py) | Given an array of string words, return all strings in words that is a substring of another word. You can return the answer in any order. | 0ms O(N^2) | 12.55MB O(N) | done  | [String Matching in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-matching-in-an-array/) |
| Algorithm | 3110 |[Score of a String](score_string.py) | You are given a string s. The score of a string is defined as the sum of the absolute difference between the ASCII values of adjacent characters. | 0ms O(N) | 12.36MB O(1) | done  | [Score of a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/score-of-a-string/) |
| Algorithm | 2769 |[Find the Maximum Achievable Number](find_maximum_achievable_number.py) | Given two integers, num and t. A number x is achievable if it can become equal to num after applying the following operation at most t times | 2ms O(1) | 12.5MB O(1) | done  | [Find the Maximum Achievable Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-maximum-achievable-number/) |
| Algorithm | 1108 |[Defanging an IP Address](defanging_ip_address.py) |Given a valid (IPv4) IP address, return a defanged version of that IP address.A defanged IP address replaces every period "." with "[.]". | 11ms O(N) | 12.26MB O(1) | done  | [Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address) |

Commit message:

feat: Add implementation and README entry for counting good pairs in an array

Algorithm/readme.md, after:

# Algorithm

| topic     | #    | task                                         | description                                                                 | runtime  | memory  | Status | link                                                                                   |
| :-------- | :--- | :------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------- | :------ | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Algorithm | 3042 |[Count Prefix and Suffix Pairs I](count_prefix_suffix_pairs.py) | You are given a 0-indexed string array words. Let's define a boolean function isPrefixAndSuffix that takes two strings, str1 and str2: | 7ms O(N^2) | 12.29MB | done  | [Count Prefix and Suffix Pairs I](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i/) |
| Algorithm | 2185 |[Counting Words With a Given Prefix](counting_words_with_given_prefix.py) | You are given an array of strings words and a string pref.                  | 0ms O(N) | 12.5MB O(1) | done  | [Counting Words With a Given Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix/) |
| Algorithm | 1408 |[String Matching in an Array](string_matching_array.py) | Given an array of string words, return all strings in words that is a substring of another word. You can return the answer in any order. | 0ms O(N^2) | 12.55MB O(N) | done  | [String Matching in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-matching-in-an-array/) |
| Algorithm | 3110 |[Score of a String](score_string.py) | You are given a string s. The score of a string is defined as the sum of the absolute difference between the ASCII values of adjacent characters. | 0ms O(N) | 12.36MB O(1) | done  | [Score of a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/score-of-a-string/) |
| Algorithm | 2769 |[Find the Maximum Achievable Number](find_maximum_achievable_number.py) | Given two integers, num and t. A number x is achievable if it can become equal to num after applying the following operation at most t times | 2ms O(1) | 12.5MB O(1) | done  | [Find the Maximum Achievable Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-maximum-achievable-number/) |
| Algorithm | 1108 |[Defanging an IP Address](defanging_ip_address.py) | Given a valid (IPv4) IP address, return a defanged version of that IP address.A defanged IP address replaces every period "." with "[.]". | 11ms O(N) | 12.26MB O(1) | done  | [Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address) |
| Algorithm | 1512 |[Number of Good Pairs](number_good_pairs.py) | Given an array of integers nums, return the number of good pairs. | 0ms O(N2) | 12.37MB O(1) | done  | [Number of Good Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-good-pairs) |
