Pandas/readme.md, before:

# Pandas

| topic     | #    | task                                         | description                                                                 | runtime  | memory  | Status | link                                                                                   |
| :-------- | :--- | :------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------- | :------ | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Pandas | 175 |[Combine Two Tables](count_prefix_suffix_pairs.py) | Write a solution to report the first name, last name, city, and state of each person in the Person table. If the address of a personId is not present in the Address table, report null instead. | 262ms O(M+N) | 67.85MB O(M+N) | done  | [Combine Two Tables](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) |
| Pandas | 183 |[Customers Who Never Order](сustomers_who_never_order.py) | Write a solution to find all customers who never order anything. | 336ms O(M+N) | 67.56MB O(N) | done  | [Customers Who Never Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/customers-who-never-order/) |
| Pandas | 182 |[Duplicate Emails](duplicate_emails.py) | Write a solution to report all the duplicate emails. Note that it's guaranteed that the email field is not NULL. | 300ms O(N) | 67.45MB O(N) | done  | [Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) |
| Pandas | 378 |[Delete Duplicate Emails](deleted_duplicate_emails.py) | Write a solution to delete all duplicate emails, keeping only one unique email with the smallest id.
 | 378ms O(NLogN) | 66.25MB O(1) | done  | [Delete Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-duplicate-emails) |
 | Pandas | 197 |[Rising Temperature](deleted_duplicate_emails.py) | Write a solution to find all dates' id with higher temperatures compared to its previous dates (yesterday). | 446ms O(NLogN) | 67.98MB O(N) | done  | [Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature) |
  | Pandas | 511 |[Game Play Analysis I](game_play_analysis.py) | Each row is a record of a player who logged in and played a number of games (possibly 0) before logging out on someday using some device. | 383ms O(NLogN) | 67.47MB O(N) | done  | [Game Play Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-play-analysis-i) |

Commit message:

I added func employee_bonus.py from leetcode

Pandas/readme.md, after:

# Pandas

| topic     | #    | task                                         | description                                                                 | runtime  | memory  | Status | link                                                                                   |
| :-------- | :--- | :------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------- | :------ | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Pandas | 175 |[Combine Two Tables](count_prefix_suffix_pairs.py) | Write a solution to report the first name, last name, city, and state of each person in the Person table. If the address of a personId is not present in the Address table, report null instead. | 262ms O(M+N) | 67.85MB O(M+N) | done  | [Combine Two Tables](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) |
| Pandas | 183 |[Customers Who Never Order](сustomers_who_never_order.py) | Write a solution to find all customers who never order anything. | 336ms O(M+N) | 67.56MB O(N) | done  | [Customers Who Never Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/customers-who-never-order/) |
| Pandas | 182 |[Duplicate Emails](duplicate_emails.py) | Write a solution to report all the duplicate emails. Note that it's guaranteed that the email field is not NULL. | 300ms O(N) | 67.45MB O(N) | done  | [Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) |
| Pandas | 378 |[Delete Duplicate Emails](deleted_duplicate_emails.py) | Write a solution to delete all duplicate emails, keeping only one unique email with the smallest id.
| 378ms O(NLogN) | 66.25MB O(1) | done  | [Delete Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-duplicate-emails) |
| Pandas | 197 |[Rising Temperature](deleted_duplicate_emails.py) | Write a solution to find all dates' id with higher temperatures compared to its previous dates (yesterday). | 446ms O(NLogN) | 67.98MB O(N) | done  | [Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature) |
| Pandas | 511 |[Game Play Analysis I](game_play_analysis.py) | Each row is a record of a player who logged in and played a number of games (possibly 0) before logging out on someday using some device. | 436ms O(M + N) | 67.58MB O(N) | done  | [Game Play Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-play-analysis-i) |
| Pandas | 577 |[Employee Bonus](employee_bonus.py) | Write a solution to report the name and bonus amount of each employee with a bonus less than 1000. | 383ms O(NLogN) | 67.63.58MB O(M + N) | done  | [Employee Bonus](https://leetcode.com/problems/employee-bonus/) |
